[Console][Testing] Correct what appears to be intended behavior vs actual behavior in do… (#17559)
symfony/symfony-docs: console.rst

.. caution::

>     When testing ``InputOption::VALUE_NONE`` command options, you must pass a non
>     empty value to them::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When testing ``InputOption::VALUE_NONE`` command options, you must pass ``true``
    to them::
```

    
        $commandTester = new CommandTester($command);

>         $commandTester->execute(['--some-option' => 'true']);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $commandTester->execute(['--some-option' => true]);
```
